Per-service metrics resolution improvements (#1285)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/how-to/configure.md

- Allocate resources efficiently by focusing on high-resolution data for key services
- Reduce storage requirements by lowering resolution for less important components
- Align your monitoring setup with the specific needs of your environment
  
To change resolution settings:

1. Identify the appropriate API endpoint:

     - For PostgreSQL: `ChangePostgresExporter`
     - For MySQL: `ChangeMySQLdExporter`
     - For MongoDB: `ChangeMongoDBExporter`

2. Locate the `agent_id` of the exporter you want to modify. You can find this in the [Inventory dashboard](../details/dashboards/dashboard-inventory.md) under the **Monitoring** column for the target service.
   
4. Set the desired resolution using `hr` (high), `mr` (medium), or `lr` (low) in the `metrics_resolutions` field.
 
**Example**:  Setting 15s medium resolution for a PostgreSQL server:

```
> curl -X 'POST' \
  'http://admin:admin@127.0.0.1/v1/inventory/Agents/ChangePostgresExporter' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
  "agent_id": "/agent_id/64b195b1-4d65-4838-9eab-50b79c0a07a3", // Your exporter agent ID
  "common": {

>     "enable": true,

Author: is this line relevant for this specific example? what is this meaning? can I remove?

Author: Same as https://github.com/percona/pmm-doc/pull/1285#discussion_r1702169817 - resolving.

>     "disable": true,

Author: is this line relevant for this specific example? what is this meaning? can I remove?

Author: From the doc:
`enable = Enable this Agent. Can't be used with disabled.`
`disable = Disable this Agent. Can't be used with enabled.`

Reason why they were here in the first place is that they are in the "how to test" section of https://perconadev.atlassian.net/browse/PMM-12895.  I am removing both, as logically they should not be here.

I will test the command anyway before merging. Removing and resolving the conversation.

    "custom_labels": {
      "metrics_resolutions": {"mr": "15s"} // it can be 'mr', 'hr, 'lr' in any combination
    }
  }
}'
```

> To reset a custom resolution, make an API call with "mr": "0s" (or "hr": "0s", "lr": "0s" as appropriate). This will revert the exporter to using the global PMM settings.

Author: To add a sentence also to inform users how they can "verify" that the change took effect, after sending the API request.  This is done by checking the `scrape_interval` in the promscrape.config file, as far as I understand

Author: now done. resolving.

### Configure metrics resolution per-service

> While changing the metrics resolution in the settings tab applies to all services, starting from v2.42.0 you can also configure metrics resolutions on a per-service basis by setting the `metrics_resolutions` settings for each exporter individually via the "[Change Agent Attributes](https://percona-pmm.readme.io/reference/changeagent)" API (see below for an example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure metrics resolutions both globally and on a per-service basis. While the global setting in the **Settings** tab applies to all services,  PMM 2.42 and later also enables you to customize resolution for individual services. You can do this by adjusting the `metrics_resolutions` setting for each exporter using the "[Change Agent Attributes](https://percona-pmm.readme.io/reference/changeagent)" API (see below for an example).

> Customizing the resolution settings for individual services enables you to fine-tune your PMM setup to balance data granularity and resource consumption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizing resolution settings for individual services allows you to fine-tune your PMM setup, balancing data granularity with resource consumption. This feature enables you to:```

> - Reduce storage requirements by adjusting resolution for less critical components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce storage requirements by lowering resolution for less important components
```

- Align your monitoring setup with the specific needs of your environment

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change resolution settings:
```

> As an example, suppose you want to change the medium resolution to 15s for a PostgreSQL server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: 1. Identify the appropriate API endpoint:

     - for PostgreSQL: `ChangePostgresExporter`
     - for MySQL: `ChangeMySQLdExporter`
     - for MongoDB: `ChangeMongoDBExporter`

2. Locate the `agent_id` of the exporter you want to modify. You can find this in the [Inventory dashboard](../details/dashboards/dashboard-inventory.md) under the **Monitoring** column for the target service.
3. Set the desired resolution using `hr` (high), `mr` (medium), or `lr` (low) in the `metrics_resolutions` field.

- The `ChangePostgresExporter` API will need to be used in this case.
  - You can use the equivalent `ChangeMySQLdExporter` or `ChangeMongoDBExporter` for MySQL or MongoDB respectively.
- Identify the `agent_id` of the **exporter** Agent Type corresponding to the service you'd like to change.
  - This can be found from the [Inventory](../details/dashboards/dashboard-inventory.md) by clicking on the "Monitoring" column of the service you'd like to change.
- Set `"mr": "15s"` inside `metrics_resolutions`.

>   - You can use `hr` or `lh` to set high or low resolution respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - You can use `hr` or `lh` to change high or low resolution respectively.
```

Reviewer 2: This is a change endpoint, therefore `change` seems to be more appropriate.

> The full example is reported below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Example**:  Setting 15s medium resolution for a PostgreSQL server:```

```
> curl -X 'POST' \
  'http://admin:admin@127.0.0.1/v1/inventory/Agents/ChangePostgresExporter' \
  -H 'accept: application/json' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{

>   "agent_id": "agent_id_64b195b1-4d65-4838-9eab-50b79c0a07a3", // Your exporter agent ID

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  "agent_id": "/agent_id/64b195b1-4d65-4838-9eab-50b79c0a07a3", // Your exporter agent ID
```

Reviewer 2: I believe the agent ID obeys the format above

  "common": {
    "enable": true,
    "disable": true,
    "custom_labels": {
      "metrics_resolutions": {"mr": "15s"} // it can be 'mr', 'hr, 'lr' in any combination
    }
  }
}'
```

> To reeset the customization of the metric resolution, make an API call in which you pass `0s` (`"mr": "0s"` in the example above). The Exporter will fallback to the default value from the global PMM settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reset a custom resolution, make an API call with "mr": "0s" (or "hr": "0s", "lr": "0s" as appropriate). This will revert the exporter to using the global PMM settings.
```

> For more information, see the [**Change Agent Attributes**](https://percona-pmm.readme.io/reference/changeagent) section in the API documentation.

Reviewer 3: let's not merge it until we revert readme.io updates

Author: ack - added a warning in the PR description. Resolving this one.
